[docs] Add explicit faucet example (#17848)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/references/cli/client.mdx

0x514692f08249c3e9951234ce29074695840422564bff85e424b56de462913e0d
```

### Request a SUI coin from faucet

> If you use one of the standard public RPCs (e.g., `fullnode.testnet.sui.io:443`), you can use the `faucet` command to request for a gas coin. If you use a custom faucet service, then pass in the URL to the faucet using the `--url` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use one of the standard public RPCs (for example, `fullnode.testnet.sui.io:443`), you can use the `faucet` command to request gas coins. If you use a custom faucet service, then pass in the URL to the faucet using the `--url` option.
```
